Migrating UI Automation to LabApiUtilities (Common) (#1736)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-common-for-android: changelog.txt

V.Next
----------

> - [MINOR] Fleshing out LabApiUtilities, removing uses of testUtils. (#1736)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MINOR] Migrating UI Automation to LabApiUtilities, removing uses of testUtils. (#1736)
```

Reviewer: Actually we don't need a changelog entry for this PR at all
